1.
Question 1
Using Image Generator, how do you label images?

1 / 1 point

It’s based on the file name


#It’s based on the directory the image is contained in


You have to manually do it


TensorFlow figures it out from the contents

Correct
That’s right! The directory of the image is the label.

2.
Question 2
What method on the Image Generator is used to normalize the image?

1 / 1 point

normalize


#rescale


Rescale_image


normalize_image

Correct
You‘ve got it! This is the correct method for normalizing images.

3.
Question 3
How did we specify the training size for the images?

1 / 1 point

#The target_size parameter on the training generator


The training_size parameter on the training generator


The training_size parameter on the validation generator


The target_size parameter on the validation generator

Correct
Exactly! target_size specifies the image training size

4.
Question 4
When we specify the input_shape to be (300, 300, 3), what does that mean?

1 / 1 point

There will be 300 images, each size 300, loaded in batches of 3


#Every Image will be 300x300 pixels, with 3 bytes to define color


There will be 300 horses and 300 humans, loaded in batches of 3


Every Image will be 300x300 pixels, and there should be 3 Convolutional Layers

Correct
Nailed it! input_shape specifies image resolution.

5.
Question 5
If your training data is close to 1.000 accuracy, but your validation data isn’t, what’s the risk here?

1 / 1 point

You’re underfitting on your validation data


#You’re overfitting on your training data


You’re overfitting on your validation data


No risk, that’s a great result

Correct
Great job! The analysis corresponds too closely to the training data, and may therefore fail to fit additional data.

6.
Question 6
Convolutional Neural Networks are better for classifying images like horses and humans because:

1 / 1 point
#
There’s a wide variety of horses

Correct
#Way to go! CNNs are better in this case as they are independent from prior knowledge and human intervention in feature extraction.


#There’s a wide variety of humans

Correct
You’ve got it! CNNs are better in this case as they are independent from prior knowledge and human intervention in feature extraction.


#In these images, the features may be in different parts of the frame

Correct
Correct! The receptive fields of different neurons partially overlap such that they cover the entire visual field.

7.
Question 7
After reducing the size of the images, the training results were different. Why?

1 / 1 point

#We removed some convolutions to handle the smaller images


There was less information in the images


There was more condensed information in the images


The training was faster

Correct
Yes! Removing some convolutions modifies the training results.